recycling granutech team owns a synergistic business model
developed to meet the recovery objectives of each
communities
more than 13 million metric tons of residual materials are
currently generated in Quebec
and alone by four different sectors
more than 6 million 500 thousand metric tons of residual materials
are still sent
to elimination
the selective collection of recyclable materials sector
recovers annually just over 500 thousand metric tons of material
existing sorting centers alchemy the recyclable materials to the
companies that recycle its products
recycling granutech he is interested in recyclable materials rejected by the
coupled price
contaminate
commercial and institutional industrial sector
for acronym he passed he says generates a large amount of waste
this sector has almost no solution
to increase recovery
the residual materials in this area are largely when we saw
only to landfills
the construction or renovation demolition sector
having for the commune it is clear of
greatly interested companies
the material potential swallower peenaert jt they were related
recycling granutech is also not interested in the sector of
ecocentres
several tic energy swallower residual materials are found in these
centers
dry granutech recycling is a solution for communities in order to
help them achieve their recovery goals by diverting the maximum
of residual materials from landfill
the planting of new sorting and packing centers allows the
job creation in the regions
and allows the reduction of greenhouse gases he put
during transportation and landfill activities
the new sorting and packaging center enables the processing of
residual materials from the hcr de
construction
renovation and demolition
and ecocentres
of the jc ilike sector
institutional and commercial and to distribute to it
a small amount of residual materials rejected 17 hours from the
selective collection
as well as private entrants
possessing a high value it emerges
the first phase of the waste reception process
is to make a price of materials
once sorting is done
certain subjects will find their respective paths towards the different
channels
recovery
collection of domestic waste but not a sector targeted by recycling
Granutech
however, there is some potential for materials to be found there
for composting a wise pressing phase will have to be done in order to
to lower the humidity level
the contrast will then be sent to the packaging center
and energy production
once the parisi dual materials are sent to their subsidiary
respective
the remaining materials in the conditioning center its potential for the
revaluation and energy of ticks
usually sent to the sites damphousse mans recycling granutech
has the solution
in order to give them a value not throw
the pillage valuation he said and the development of new industries in
recycling h
our vision is to recycle 100% of the total weight of residual matter
entering our packing centers
once the conditioning is done
there will be three categories of materials at the exit of the process
the metals will be removed for recycling and sent to its subsidiary
respectively
the pebble the shoemaker resorts to link directly to the customers
respective of the company austin of valorization energetic value
added for the production of products
energy value materials
will be mixed with very high energy value materials
conditioned
in granutech recycling facilities that is finally to produce
revenue the value of atypical assets
the energy recovery of matter residues it they allow
a substitution for fossil fuels and promotes an economy of
costs for the benefit of our energy producers
the use of energy-based recipes gives them a
very important production cost reduction to stay
competitive
and preserve the jobs already in place
komsic there I was afraid tech is a producer of recipes worth inergy
ticks
to set also a solution of energy production
energy efficiency recipes
the 'ft' also theater use it
for thermal energy production purposes by setting up
power generation centers
near a steam user
the company offers a technology of fluidized boilers
to valorize the residual materials having no other
value-added solution
this technology makes it possible to consume residual matter
for the purpose of producing electric thermal energy
the vision of qualitative recycling will be to develop processes
alternative processing
landfilling of residual materials
in the bus
of their data an optimal added value by allowing a reduction
most important daisy greenhouse gas station mission
jls
our business model
promotes the creation of an industry to recover materials
residual
in the squad but the sort
and transform primary materials
in this matter this puck
and tertiary
as well as optimize
the recycling
and reduce landfill
recycling granutech and the leader in north america in the field of
recovery and processing of residual materials
and energetically
the definition of valuation inergy ticks it consists of recovering from
energy
from residual materials that can produce energy
thermal
the company brings to its customers
an alternative solution to fossil fuels
they can then reduce their production costs and maintain their
competitiveness
oriented towards environmental and sustainable solutions our
The company promotes the development of a new economy based on
residual materials processing processes
with educational value
that is why
recycling granite be and there green oil 12 euros